feat: bootstrap bikeshed (#20)
fdp-specs/fdp-specs.github.io: src/metadata/metadata.md

Figure 2 depicts the FDP extensions to the DCAT model.

<figure>
    <img src="images/FDPmetadatadiagram.png">
    <figcaption>FDP extensions to the DCAT model</figcaption>
</figure>

A DCAT `Resource` represents entities that can be described by a metadata record.
Since `Resource` is defined as an abstract class, it is not intended to be used directly.
We should use one of its subclasses, such as `Dataset` or `Data Service` instead.
`Dataset` represents a collection of data while `Data Service` represents a service, accessible through an interface (API), that serves datasets.
`Catalog`, a subclass of `Dataset`, represents aggregations of metadata records about digital objects.
For instance, a `Catalog` may contain references to the metadata records of `Datasets`.

The FDP extends the DCAT model by adding the concept of a `FAIRDataPoint` as a specific type of data service that serves metadata catalogs and metadata records.
The DCAT extensions and other FDP-specific concepts and relations are defined in the FDP ontology (using the namespace prefix `fdp-o`).
In the FDP ontology, the FAIR Data Point is represented by a sub-class of the concept of `MetadataService`.

> Figure 4.1 only depicts the properties that are not already inherited from `Data Service` and `Resource`.

Reviewer: Update figure number in line with the above

```suggestion
Figure 2 only depicts the properties that are not already inherited from `Data Service` and `Resource`.
```
